MFLT-12326 Configurable Dashboards (#660)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/platform/dashboards.mdx

---
id: dashboards
title: Dashboards
sidebar_label: Dashboards
---

import NormalizedCharts from "@site/src/components/icons/NormalizedCharts";
import { ProjectMagicLink } from "@site/src/components/ProjectMagicLink";

## Configurable Dashboards {#configurable-dashboards}

<p>
  Memfault allows you to create multiple dashboards to visualize and group your

>   data. You can create a dashboard for each of your different usecases, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  charts. You can create a dashboard for each of your different use cases, or
```

  create a dashboard for each of your teams. Configurable dashboards allow you
  to create a specific set of metrics that you can share with your team. You can
  create and duplicate dashboards from the All Dashboards page located in the
  left navigation bar. To open it, go to{" "}
  <ProjectMagicLink path="/dashboards">
    Dashboards → All Dashboards
  </ProjectMagicLink>
  .
</p>

<ImageFigure
  src="/img/docs/platform/dashboards-create-multiple.gif"
  alt="Create multiple dashboards"
></ImageFigure>

After create a dashboard, you can add metric or issue charts to it. Fill up your
dashboard with charts that are relevant to your team or give your team a high

> level overview of your device health. For more in-depth information on how to

Reviewer: I don't think you need these first two sentences - you already much of it in the intro.
